docs(v3): add minimum SDK versions for Android (#1677)
doublesymmetry/react-native-track-player: docs/docs/v3-migration.md

-  TrackPlayer.destroy();
-  TrackPlayer.stop();
```

> You also meed to have a minimum compile & target SDK of 31 (Android 12)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also beed to have a minimum compile & target SDK of 31 (Android 12)
```

> You also meed to have a minimum comile & target SDK Version for Android of 31:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also meed to have a minimum comile & target SDK of 31 (Android 12)
```
